# complementary-products-recommendation


On e-commerce websites, as much variety and richness as possible to find what they need in one market, online catalogs are sometimes too overwhelming. Recommender systems play an important role in e-commerce websites because they improve the customer journey by helping users find what they want at the right moment. These recommendations may be based on users’ characteristics, demographics, purchase history or visit history. In this project I have worked on identifying the complementary relationship between products. Complementary products are products that go well together, products that can be a necessity for the
chosen product or simply a nice addition to it. There is great potential for such systems as complementary products recommendation increases the average purchase value on e-commerce websites. The project a content-based recommender system for the detection of complementary products using a supervised deep-learning approach that relies on Siamese Neural Network (SNN). The purpose of this work is threefold; first, the main goal is to create an SNN model that will be able to predict complementary products for a particular main product based on content; for this purpose, we implement a Siamese long-short-term memory (LSTM) recurrent
neural network. We feed these neural networks with pairs of products taken from the dataset that are either complementary or non-complementary. Second, a basic assumption of our approach is that the most important functions of the product are included in its name. Finally, we propose an extension SNN approach to handle more products and also will improve the time for recommending products.
